Bring deprecated deployment agent code up-to-date (#3)
ITISFoundation/osparc-deployment-agent: requirements/ci.txt

> # Shortcut to install all packages for the contigous integration (CI) of 'services/director-v2'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Shortcut to install all packages for the contiguous integration (CI) of 'deployment-agent'
```
